# run-vnc

Simple script to help launch VNC Viewer and connect to OMG's cloud host on a variety of OSs

###OSX/Linux
In a terminal, enter the following:
```bash
git clone https://github.com/troydaniels/run-vnc.git
cd run-vnc
chmod 777 runVNC.sh
mv runVNC.sh ~/Desktop/Launch\ VNC
cd ..
rm run-vnc
```

This will create a file called **Launch VNC** on your Desktop.
Right click on this file, select *Open With*, and click on terminal.
Opening this file should then launch `VNC Viewer`, with a connection to the correct host.

If you have installed `vncserver` you can use the command `vncpasswd` in a *NIX terminal to generate a hashed password file and negate the need to manually enter a password everytime this is launched. For security purposes, this file is not in this repository.
A file generated by `vncpasswd` can be shared amongst the team to allow quicker login.

*note*
For OSX, we need to add the location of vncviewer to our PATH. Adding a symlink to /usr/local/bin does not work unfortunately, as vncviewer complains about a missing EULA. So, I found this to be the easiest (athough not ideal) solution.
In a terminal
```BASH
sudo nano /etc/paths
```
add `/Applications/VNC Viewer.app/Contents/MacOS` to a new line end of this file and save & exit (`ctr+x`).

###Windows
(Note, this script is untested. Please see me if you have a problem running it on your machine.)

[Download a zip](https://github.com/troydaniels/run-vnc/archive/master.zip) of this repository, unzip it, and move `runVNC_win.cmd` to the Desktop.

Double click this file to launch. Feel free to rename it.
Similarly to the above, generating a password hash with `vncpasswd` should allow you to launch the VM without having to manually enter a password.

